# Project Name

Multiagent debate system, where user gives a debate topic, event description and hints about participants. The system then generates a debate scenario with a set of participants, debate coordinator (blue hat persona) and a set monitor. .

## Demo

View the demo [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okRanKwCYro)

## Stack

- Python 3.11
- FastAPI + Websockets
- pydantic and pydantic-ai to run agents
- LangGraph employing round robin algorithm for debate
- DeepSeek V3 LLM model
- NextJS Frontend


## Project Requirements

- Implement a monitoring agent to provide clear, detailed, and user-friendly explanations of the decision-making processes for individual agents in real time.
- Design agents that can engage in dynamic, unscripted conversations, maintaining logical, context-aware communication throughout the interaction.
- Ensure agents can perform actionable responses, such as retrieving data or solving specific problems, based on conversational triggers.
- Enable agents to collaboratively solve problems, demonstrating effective group problem-solving capabilities with logical and coherent solutions.
- Provide insights into group dynamics, such as leadership roles, conflicts, and decision hierarchies, ensuring users can follow the interplay between agents.
- Create an intuitive and accessible interface for users to monitor and interact with the agents, minimizing the need for technical expertise.
- Support scalability and diversity, allowing the system to handle larger groups of agents with specialized roles or complex discussions.

## Additional context

- Focus on real-time transparency by making decision-making processes and agent dynamics easily understandable for non-technical users.
- Prioritize dynamic communication, ensuring agents can handle unscripted conversations while maintaining logical flow and contextual awareness.
- Design agents with specialized roles to add depth to the conversation and enhance their collective problem-solving abilities.
- Highlight collaboration and interplay, providing users with insights into how agents interact, resolve conflicts, and reach consensus.
- Ensure the system is scalable to handle larger groups of agents and diverse, complex scenarios without losing performance or usability.

## Example User Stories

- Debate with Zukerberg, Musk, Biden on consequences of cutting down rainforests and projections of consequences of cutting them down
- How to create the best pizza recipe in the world?
- Plan strategies for my personal branding as a data scientist. Agents E.g. Alex Hormozi , Gary Vee
- Compare iphone 16 pro max with galaxy S24 ultra

## User Journey

1) landing page displayed with a prompt to the user (FE)
2) user prompt saved  (FE)
3) user prompt is sent to backend
4) user prompt (prompt: string) extrapolated (prompt context enrichment)  (extrapolated_prompt: ExtrapolatedPrompt)
5) websocket is activated on the FE and connected to the BE (backend/src/main.py)
6) personae participating in the debate are defined  (personae: List[Persona])
7) personae participating in the debate have prompts generated by Agent Crafter
8) Defining a prompt for the conversation coordinator  
9) Debate loop started
10) Agent manager indicated the next agent  
11) The indicated agent/persona has spoken
12a) If the debate round is still in progress, the agent manager indicated the next agent
12b) If debate round completed, agent commentator summarizes after round so far
13a) The moderator judged that another round is needed, go to debate loop start
13b) The moderator judged that the debate can be ended, we go to point 14
14) The comentator summarizes the whole debate and gives key takeways to the user
15a) The user has accepted the answers
16) We return to point 1

## Project structure

Update it using the following:

```bash 
tree -L 4 -a -I '.git|node_modules|.venv|dist|build|__pyca
che__|__pycache__|summaries|.DS_Store|.env'
```

.
├── .gitignore
├── .pre-commit-config.yaml
├── env_setup.sh
├── main.py
├── pyproject.toml
├── requirements.txt
├── src
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── config.py
│   ├── debate
│   │   ├── agent_manager.py
│   │   └── models.py
│   ├── objects.py
│   ├── prompts
│   │   ├── commentator.py
│   │   ├── context.py
│   │   ├── context_v2.md
│   │   ├── coordinator.py
│   │   ├── pm_agent.py
│   │   ├── req.py
│   │   ├── rpea.py
│   │   └── rpea_v2.py
│   └── tools.py
└── tests
    ├── conftest.py
    └── test_basic.py

## Installation

bash
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt
pre-commit install

## Testing

bash
pytest
